Added Twoyo keyboard (#12955)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/twoyo/readme.md

# Twoyo

![Twoyo](https://i.imgur.com/j48Gq0g.png)

A 12u split staggered 40% kit.

* Keyboard Maintainer: Rain
* Hardware Supported: Yasui PCB v2
* Hardware Availability: [rainkeebs](https://www.rainkeebs.mx/product/twoyo-keyboard-kit)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb twoyo -kb default
>     
> To reset the keyboard, hold the top left key while plugging in, or hit the reset button near the USB port
> 
> Install example for this keyboard:
> 
>     qmk flash -kb twoyo -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make twoyo:default
    
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make twoyo:default:flash

To reset the keyboard, hold the top left key while plugging in, or hit the reset button near the USB port
```
